---
layout: post
title: writing to the void
date: 2024-01-17
description: pt2
tags: void, existing
categories: generic-posts
giscus_comments: false
related_posts: false
related_publications: false
featured: true
---

As these words are being written, or typed up, microscopic light emitting diodes radiate photons accordingly, some hitting neurons and causing long term structural changes, so much so that these cells can replay the same sequence of words for days to follow. As soon as an appropriate combination of keys is pressed, electrons also get trapped in nanoscopic structures and all the contents written to this point are also saved for years to come. 

But words written here are tied to the existence of the laptop and the person writing these words. Unless the person writing these words decided to embed these words in electromagnetic wave and delivered them to a remote data center, in which case the existence of these words would then be tied to the existence of electrons in nanoscopic structures elsewhere. And if an individual elsewhere requested electromagnetic waves containing these words to be delivered to them via the data center, microscopic light emitting diodes would radiate photons accordingly, some hitting neurons causing long term structural changes, in which case these words now live in the memory of the aforementioned individual. 

There is also a scenario where words were typed up but then deleted or forgotten, in which case they now live in the void. Photons hitting neurons making no impact and electron charge gets dropped to none. Are words not yet written, or are they simply being written to the void?
